PREVIOUSLY ON...
DETECTIVE VANCE
GOT AGGRESSIVE...
HAVE YOU SEEN THIS MAN?
(gasps)
BUT BEN CAME TO THE RESCUE.
IT'S PRETTY HARD TO BUILD
A CASE WITHOUT A BODY.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
AND MIKE GOT RID OF THE BODY.
BUT SO MANY SECRETS LED
TO A FALLING-OUT...
WE'RE DONE.
DON'T YOU THINK
YOU'RE OVERREACTING?
I DON'T THINK SHE IS.
AND SUSAN EXPRESSED HER ANGER
THE ONLY WAY SHE KNEW HOW.
THERE IS NOTHING MORE PEACEFUL
THAN THE SOUNDS
OF WISTERIA LANE AT NIGHT.
(TV playing indistinctly)
WHETHER IT'S THE MURMUR
OF A NEIGHBOR'S TELEVISION...
(man speaking indistinctly
on TV)
THE HUM OF THE STREET LAMPS...
(humming)
OR THE SONGS
OF THE NIGHT BIRDS...
(birds twittering)
WISTERIA LANE IS SO PEACEFUL
THAT EVEN
THE SLIGHTEST DISTURBANCE...
(door slams in distance,
footsteps)
CAN BE VERY ALARMING.
(gasping)
(beep)
(telephone rings)
(woman) 9-1-1.
(lowered voice)
THERE'S AN INTRUDER IN MY HOME.
I'M AT 4355 WISTERIA LANE.
PLEASE HURRY.
(receiver clatters)
(whispering) OH, MY GOD.
(switch clicks)
CHUCK.
HELLO, BREE.
(normal voice)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I COULD HAVE SHOT YOU.
I HEARD YOUR CALL
OVER THE RADIO.
WHEN I GOT HERE,
THE DOOR WAS WIDE OPEN, SO...
I'M JUST GONNA HAVE
A LOOK AROUND.
IF YOU DON'T MIND PUTTING
THE GUN IN YOUR POCKET
WHILE I DO.
SO TELL ME AGAIN
WHAT YOU HEARD.
UM, A LOUD BANG
AND THEN SOME FOOTSTEPS,
LIKE, UM, LIKE SOMEONE HAD
FORCED THEIR WAY IN.
ARE YOU SURE YOU DIDN'T
ACCIDENTALLY
LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN?
I'M POSITIVE I LOCKED IT.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO TELL YOU.
MAYBE IT WAS JUST SOME DRIFTER
LOOKING FOR A FEW BUCKS,
AND YOU SCARED HIM OFF.
WE DON'T GET A LOT
OF DRIFTERS AROUND HERE.
EXCEPT FOR THAT GUY WE SAW
RIGHT OUT FRONT
A FEW MONTHS AGO.
THE ONE WHO TURNED UP
AS A MISSING PERSON?
(gasps) I TOLD YOU, I DON'T
REMEMBER ANYTHING ABOUT THAT.
AND YET YOU'RE POSITIVE
YOU LOCKED YOUR DOOR
BEFORE YOU WENT TO BED
LAST NIGHT.
(chuckles) IT'S FUNNY,
THE THINGS WE REMEMBER
AND THE THINGS WE DON'T.
ARE YOU INTERROGATING ME?
NO, OF COURSE NOT.
YOU'RE A VICTIM.
AND WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT?
BECAUSE IT'S OBVIOUS TO ME
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE.
SOMEONE'S SENDING YOU
A MESSAGE.
WHAT KIND OF MESSAGE?
MAYBE THEY THINK
YOU'RE HIDING SOMETHING.
MAYBE THEY'RE TRYING
TO RATTLE YOU,
HOPING YOU'LL SLIP UP.
OR MAYBE THEY JUST
DON'T WANT YOU
TO FEEL SAFE
IN YOUR OWN HOME.
YES, THERE'S NOTHING
MORE PEACEFUL
THAN A NIGHT ON WISTERIA LANE.
BUT I WOULDN'T LOSE
ANY SLEEP OVER THIS, BREE.
I'LL BE KEEPING AN EYE
ON YOU.
UNTIL SOMEONE COMES ALONG...
AND DISTURBS THE PEACE.
IN A STRESSFUL WORLD,
WE CAN ALL BE FORGIVEN
FOR HAVING A FEW WEAKNESSES.
SOME OF US ARE LURED
BY A SWEET TREAT...
OTHERS, BY A SAD FACE.
AND STILL OTHERS,
BY THE PULL OF A GREAT NOVEL.
BUT GABRIELLE SOLIS
WAS ABOUT TO DISCOVER
THAT SOME WEAKNESSES...
IS HE YOURS?
AREN'T SO EASY TO FORGIVE.
(sighs) DEPENDS. IS HE DRUNK?
UNLESS HE THROWS UP IN CABS
WHEN HE'S SOBER?
(sighs) I'M SO SORRY.
HERE'S 20 BUCKS FOR THE RIDE
AND ANOTHER 20
FOR YOUR UPHOLSTERY.
THIS WILL MAKE YOU
FEEL BETTER.
OH, IT SMELLS LIKE HOT SAUCE.
YEAH,
IT'S A MEXICAN HANGOVER CURE.
IT'S THE ONLY THING
I INHERITED FROM MY FAMILY
THAT'S ACTUALLY WORTH
ANYTHING.
I'M REALLY SORRY
ABOUT ALL THIS.
I THOUGHT IT WOULD GET BETTER
AFTER BEN DID WHAT HE DID,
BUT... IT HASN'T.
MAYBE WE NEED
TO GET YOU HELP,
LIKE REHAB OR SOMETHING.
I'M NOT ADDICTED, GABY.
IT'S JUST WHEN I'M STRESSED,
THIS IS WHAT I DO.
REALLY? YOU WERE STRESSED
ON THE GOLF COURSE THIS MORNING?
(sighs) IT WAS WORK,
AND THERE'S ALWAYS DRINKING
WHEN IT'S WORK.
WE'RE GOLFING WITH A CLIENT--
BEER.
WE'RE HAMMERING OUT A DEAL--
WINE.
WE MAKE THE DEAL--CHAMPAGNE.
WELL, MAYBE YOU NEED TO TAKE
A LITTLE TIME AWAY FROM WORK.
DRY OUT.
KICK-START YOUR SOBRIETY.
I AM THE C.E.O. IF I DO THAT,
THE WHOLE PLACE WILL FALL APART.
AND IF YOU DON'T,
YOU'LL FALL APART.
(sighs)
MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT.
BUT I CAN'T DO IT TODAY.
I GOT PAYROLL TO SIGN.
BUT YOU'RE SWEATING BOURBON.
YOU'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
I'LL GO IN
AND I'LL SIGN IT FOR YOU.
YOU CAN'T SIGN MY NAME.
OH, PLEASE, I FORGE
YOUR SIGNATURE ALL THE TIME.
HOW ELSE DO YOU THINK I GOT
THAT PLATINUM CARD?
(sighs) WOW,
I MUST BE IN BAD SHAPE.
I DON'T EVEN HAVE THE ENERGY
TO GET MAD.
WELL, WITH ANY LUCK,
YOU'LL FORGET I SAID IT.
I'M SURE SOME OF YOU FEEL
I'VE BEEN TOO HARD ON YOU
THESE PAST FEW WEEKS.
I THINK I SPEAK FOR ALL OF US
WHEN I SAY "ALL OF US."
WELL, AFTER TODAY, YOU WILL LONG
FOR THE MOTHER'S MILK
THAT HAS BEEN MY CRITICISM.
PLEASE MEET OUR SPECIAL GUEST,
MY ART DEALER
AND THE OWNER
OF THE BERGMAN GALLERY--
FELIX BERGMAN.
I SMELL FEAR AND MEDIOCRITY.
(lowered voice) OH, GOD.
IT'S LIKE SOMEONE LEFT ANDRE
IN THE DRYER TOO LONG.
SHH!
FELIX HAS AGREED
TO EVALUATE YOUR WORK,
GIVE HONEST FEEDBACK,
AND TEACH YOU
THE BUSINESS OF ART.
SO... WHAT DO YOU CALL
THIS PIECE?
"A CELEBRATION
OF THE FEMALE NUDE."
THIS IS WHY I DON'T SLEEP
WITH WOMEN.
IT'S REPULSIVE.
WELL, IT'S NOT A LITERAL--
MIND DRIFTING,
EYELIDS DROOPING, AND...
(singsongy, high-pitched voice)
I'M GONE.
HE'S NOT A CRITIC.
HE'S A LITTLE BALL OF HATE.
OH!
OH, GOD.
NO ART STUDENT'S PORTFOLIO
WOULD BE COMPLETE
WITHOUT THE OBLIGATORY
SQUARES AND CIRCLES COLLIDING,
OR WHAT I LIKE TO CALL
MAN'S INHUMANITY TO ART.
WELL, AMY'S ONE OF
MY MOST PROMISING STUDENTS.
I FIND HER WORK TO BE BOLD,
DEFIANT, AND DAZZLINGLY LAYERED.
YOU'RE SHTUPPING HER,
AREN'T YOU? (chuckles)
REGARDLESS, I JUST THINK THAT
THERE'S A PLACE FOR HER WORK.
I THINK YOU MAY BE RIGHT.
(singsongy) FOUND IT.
SO... WHAT DOYOUHAVE FOR ME?
THE SAME THING YOU HAVE FOR US--
CONTEMPT.
EXCUSE ME?
WE GET IT.
YOU'RE A SUPER SOPHISTICATED
ART SNOB WHO HATES EVERYTHING.
WELL, GUESS WHAT?
I'M NOT PLAYING.
SUSAN...
NO. I AM NOT GETTING MY TEETH
KICKED IN
JUST BECAUSE YOUR MOTHER
DIDN'T BREAST-FEED YOU.
GO PLAY YOUR GAME
WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
(scoffs and chuckles)
(lowered voice) LOOK, IF YOU
WANNA BE A PROFESSIONAL ARTIST,
YOU NEED TO DEVELOP
A THICK SKIN.
DID YOU PAINT THIS?
(sighs)
YES, I DID,
AND I HAVE NO INTEREST
IN HEARING WHAT YOU THINK OF IT.
WELL, THAT'S TOO BAD,
BECAUSE I THINK IT'S BRILLIANT.
REALLY?
IT'S ORIGINAL.
DARK, BROODING.
IT TELLS A STORY.
I'M TOTALLY DRAWN IN.
CONGRATULATIONS, ANDRE.
I DO BELIEVE
YOU'VE STRUCK ARTIST.
(sighs)
YEAH, I SUPPOSE
SHE SHOWS PROMISE.
SHE MAY AMOUNT TO SOMETHING
ONE DAY.
ONE DAY?
THIS GIRL HAS ARRIVED.
IN FACT, SHE REMINDS ME
OF A YOUNG... YOU.
NOW, NOW...
WHERE'S THAT THICK SKIN
YOU WERE CROWING ABOUT?
AND FOR THE DEN, FRANKLIN WANTS
A SOUTHWESTERN LOOK.
YOU KNOW, NAVAJO RUGS,
RED CHILI PEPPERS,
CHAIRS MADE OF HORNS.
SOUTHWESTERN. FUN.
AND BOUND TO COME BACK IN STYLE
SINCE IT'S BEEN OUT SO LONG.
WE CAN'T WAIT TO WORK
WITH YOU, CINDY.
YES. ALL WE NEED
IS A $5,000 DEPOSIT,
AND THEN I WILL SADDLE UP,
MOSEY INTO TOWN,
AND RUSTLE UP
THAT WAGON WHEEL TABLE.
(chuckles)
WHAT'S THE DATE TODAY?
OH, THE 13th.
13th? NO, CAN'T BE.
YES. WHY?
IT'S MY WEDDING ANNIVERSARY.
22 YEARS.
CONGRATULATIONS. 22 YEARS.
WHAT IS THAT--COPPER? BRASS?
SEPARATION, IN MY CASE.
OH. I'M SORRY. I SAW YOUR RING,
AND I JUST ASSUMED THAT--
YEAH. STILL WEARING IT,
EVEN THOUGH WE'RE HANGING ON
BY A THREAD.
YOU POOR THING.
YES, WE'RE ALL DEVASTATED.
WOULD YOU LIKE A PEN?
I REMEMBER WHAT MY MOTHER
SAID TO ME
ON MY WEDDING DAY.
IT'S BAD LUCK TO GET MARRIED
ON THE 13th,
AND FOR 21 YEARS,
TOM AND I HAVE BEEN LAUGHING
ABOUT HOW WRONG SHE WAS.
NOT THIS YEAR.
YEAH, MAKE IT OUT
PERRY-SCAVO DESIGNS.
WELL, DON'T GIVE UP,
LYNETTE.
IT'S NEVER TOO LATE.
YEAH. I THINK HIS GIRLFRIEND
MIGHT DISAGREE
WITH YOU ON THAT ONE--
HIS BEAUTIFUL DOCTOR GIRLFRIEND.
THAT'S P-E-R-R--
NOW YOU LISTEN TO ME.
MY FRANKLIN AND I ALMOST
SPLIT UP TWO YEARS AGO.
HE WAS GETTING BORED,
AND I COULD SEE
HE WAS ABOUT TO PRONOUNCE
OUR MARRIAGE DEAD,
BUT THEN I SAID, "NO."
"NO"?
"NO." SPLITTING UP
WASN'T AN OPTION.
I HAD WAITED TOO LONG
TO FIND THIS MAN.
I WASN'T GOING DOWN
WITHOUT A FIGHT.
SO WHAT'D YOU DO?
I CHANGED.
I GOT A NEW 'DO,
NEW WARDROBE.
FRANKLIN LIKED
THE NEW CINDY SO MUCH,
HE STARTED TO CHANGE, TOO.
THAT'S AMAZING.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
JUST SIGN IT. WE HAVE A STAMP.
I WILL GO TO THE TILE YARD
TO SEE IF THEY HAVE
THOSE ADOBE SHINGLES.
YOU WANNA CHECK
ON THE FABRIC?
DO YOU THINK
I FOUGHT ENOUGH?
LYNETTE, YOU'RE TAKING
MARRIAGE ADVICE
FROM A WOMAN WHO WANTS
COYOTE SCONCES?
I'M SERIOUS. AM I GIVING UP
ON MY MARRIAGE TOO EASILY?
NO! I THINK YOU KNEW WHEN
IT WAS TIME TO CALL IT QUITS.
THAT'S JUST IT.
I'M QUITTING,
INSTEAD OF NOT TAKING "NO"
FOR AN ANSWER.
LOOK, YOU AND TOM
TRIED TO MAKE IT WORK,
AND YOU COULDN'T.
NOW HE'S MOVED ON.
AND YOU ARE AN AMAZING WOMAN
WITH YOUR WHOLE LIFE
AHEAD OF YOU.
SO TAKE OFF
THAT WEDDING RING.
GO LIVE IT.
HEY, GABY,
DO YOU HAVE A MINUTE?
OH. NOW'S NOT REALLY
A-A GOOD TIME.
WHY DON'T WE TALK TOMORROW?
OH, PLEASE. I DON'T KNOW
WHO ELSE TO TURN TO.
SUSAN WON'T RETURN
MY PHONE CALLS,
AND WHEN I WENT TO LYNETTE'S,
SHE PRETENDED SHE WASN'T HOME.
(sighs) YEAH. OKAY.
HOW DID THINGS GET SO BAD
SO QUICKLY?
THIS MORNING, I WAS ALL SET
TO MAKE FOOD FOR POKER NIGHT,
AND THEN I REMEMBERED.
NO POKER NIGHT.
I FEEL LIKE I'VE LOST
THE LIFE I HAD.
FIRST, MY FAMILY
AND NOW MY FRIENDS.
WHO KNOWS IF SUSAN OR LYNETTE
WILL EVER SPEAK TO ME AGAIN?
THEY'LL COOL OFF ONCE THEY
REALIZE WE'RE IN THE CLEAR.
(whispers) WHAT IF
WE'RE NOT IN THE CLEAR?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
THE BODY'S 8 FEET
UNDER DIRT AND CONCRETE.
NO BODY, NO CRIME.
I KNOW, BUT... WELL...
CHUCK CAME BY YESTERDAY.
CHUCK? WHAT DID HE WANT?
(groans)
OH. HEY.
BABE, DO WE HAVE ANY ASPIRIN?
YEAH.
(mug clatters)
UM...
ARE YOU FEELING BETTER?
MNH.
(pills rattle)
(door opens)
IS HE...
(sighs)
I THOUGHT
HE STOPPED DRINKING.
ME, TOO.
OH, GABY, I'M SO SORRY.
HE KEEPS SAYING
IT'S BECAUSE OF WORK,
BUT I KNOW IT'S THE GUILT
STILL EATING AWAY AT HIM.
I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND
HOW DRINKING HELPS.
I DO.
SOMETIMES A DRINK FEELS LIKE
THE ONLY FRIEND YOU HAVE LEFT.
WELL, I JUST THANK GOD
THIS ORDEAL IS BEHIND US.
WE ALL NEED TO MOVE ON.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M GONNA GO.
MM! YOU NEVER TOLD ME
WHAT CHUCK WANTED.
OH. UH, WHAT ELSE?
HE WANTED TO GET BACK
TOGETHER AGAIN.
OH, GOD.
PLEASE TELL ME YOU SAID NO.
OF COURSE I DID.
OH, AND, BREE?
NEVER THINK YOU LOST ME
AS A FRIEND, 'CAUSE...
YOU'RE MY ROCK.
OH! HEY, MARILYN.
OH, MRS. SOLIS,
THANK GOD.
I'VE BEEN TRYING
TO REACH CARLOS,
AND IT KEEPS GOING
TO VOICE MAIL.
OH, IT'S OKAY.
NO NEED TO BOTHER CARLOS.
I'M HERE TO SIGN THE PAYROLL.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT THE PAYROLL.
FRANK SWEENEY,
ONE OF OUR BIGGEST CLIENTS--
HE'S ON HIS WAY HERE,
AND HE DID NOT SOUND HAPPY.
I'M GONNA TRY CARLOS AGAIN.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA. WAIT.
(chuckles) I, UH...
(receiver clatters)
I DON'T WANNA
STRESS OUT CARLOS.
HE'S HOME WITH THE FLU.
BESIDES, I'M HERE.
HOW DOES THAT HELP?
I KNOW FRANK SWEENEY.
HE GRABBED MY ASS
AT THE CHRISTMAS PARTY.
ACTUALLY, A LOT OF GUYS DID.
THAT WAS A GOOD PARTY.
YES, IT WAS.
LEAVE THIS GUY TO ME.
I KNOW I'M SETTING WOMEN'S LIB
BACK 20 YEARS,
BUT I CAN DO THIS.
(door opens)
(singsongy) SO, FRANK...
(normal voice)
IT'S BEEN FOREVER.
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
WE'VE SEEN EACH OTHER?
UH... I'M NOT SURE.
I AM.
♪ JINGLE BELLS,
JINGLE BELLS ♪
♪ JINGLE ALL THE WAY ♪
I-IS CARLOS COMING IN?
I REALLY NEED TO SPEAK WITH HIM.
(scoffs) WELL,
AREN'T YOU ALL BUSINESS?
OOH, AND ALL MUSCLE, TOO.
(giggles)
DOES CARLOS EVEN KNOW
I'M HERE?
I MEAN, IF HE DOESN'T TAKE
AN $80 MILLION ACCOUNT
SERIOUSLY--
NO, NO, OF COURSE
HE TAKES IT SERIOUSLY.
(giggles)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
IN MY MODELING DAYS,
WE CALLED THIS
"THE MONEY-MAKER." (chuckles)
WELL, NOW IT LOOKS
LIKE A NECK SPASM.
LOOK, WHERE IS CARLOS?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT KIND
OF BUSINESS HE'S RUNNING HERE,
BUT IF HE THINKS HE CAN PAWN
HIS CLIENTS OFF ON HIS WIFE--
NO, NO, NO, NO.
WE UNDERSTAND YOU'VE BEEN
A LITTLE UNHAPPY,
AND WE... WANT YOU TO KNOW
YOU'VE BEEN HEARD.
I HAVEN'T SAID ANYTHING YET.
(knock on door, door opens)
KNOCK, KNOCK.
MR. SWEENEY, SIR.
HEARD YOU WERE IN THE BUILDING.
JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE
YOU WERE BEING TAKEN CARE OF.
OH, I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO INTERRUPT.
NO, NO, PLEASE, INTERRUPT,
WHOEVER YOU ARE.
GEOFFREY MATHERS.
SENIOR ACCOUNT MANAGER.
I UNDERSTAND YOU HAVE
SOME CONCERNS ABOUT THE MARKET.
I DO HAVE THREE OR FOUR
REAL-WORLD SOLUTIONS
TO PROTECT YOUR MONEY
IN THIS ECONOMY.
THAT IS, IF YOU'D LIKE
TO HEAR THEM.
ACTUALLY, THAT'S WHAT
I CAME IN TO TALK ABOUT TODAY.
WELL, OF COURSE IT IS.
I WAS JUST GETTING TO IT.
(chuckles)
BUT, UH, SEEMS LIKE GEOFFREY
HERE HAS A HANDLE ON THINGS,
SO, PLEASE, JOIN US, GEOFFREY.
(chuckles)
HAVE A SEAT, SIR.
(Geoffrey) SO I NOTICED
YOU AREN'T USING DERIVATIVES...
(exhales deeply)
THAT WAS FUN.
I LIKE FELIX.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE ANNOYING
WHEN YOU WERE CHEERFUL,
BUT THIS SMUGNESS
IS MUCH WORSE.
OH, WHY WOULD I BE SMUG?
JUST BECAUSE HE CALLED ME
THE YOUNG YOU?
GUESS THAT MAKES YOU
THE, UH... OOH, OLD YOU.
HE CAN BE
A TOUCH THEATRICAL.
I WOULDN'T TAKE
HIS PRAISE TOO SERIOUSLY.
OH, I WOULD.
I THINK THIS TIME I MAY HAVE
LAID IT ON A LITTLE TOO THIN.
I HAVE NOT BEEN THIS EXCITED
SINCE I DISCOVERED ANDRE
DOING CARICATURES AT THE PIER.
THEY WEREN'T CARICATURES.
THEY WERE IMAGES
OF THE AMERICAN GROTESQUE.
UH-HUH, AND IF YOU BOUGHT TWO,
YOU GOT A FREE CHURRO.
I AM NOT SURPRISED
HE DIDN'T TELL ME ABOUT YOU.
I'M SURE HE SAW YOU
IN HIS REARVIEW MIRROR
GAINING ON HIM,
AND IT SCARED HIM TO DEATH.
WHY WOULD
A PROFESSIONAL LIKE ANDRE
BE THREATENED BY...
OH, WHAT DID YOU CALL ME?
"A SILLY, BORED HOUSEWIFE
UNBURDENED BY TALENT."
YOUARE A HOUSEWIFE?
MM.
(laughs) I LOVE IT!
YOU'RE LIKE A-A SEXY,
SUBURBAN GEORGIA O'KEEFFE...
WITHOUT ALL
THE PESKY VAGINAS.
I CAN SELL THE HECK
OUT OF THIS STORY
AT MY GALLERY.
WHAT? UH, WAIT.
YOU WANNA SHOW MY PAINTING
IN PUBLIC?
WELCOME TO THE BIG TIME!
NO, NO, NO, NO. THAT, UH,
NO, THAT CAN'T HAPPEN.
MY DEAR, DO YOU UNDERSTAND
WHAT AN OPPORTUNITY THIS IS?
HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE
WILL SEE YOUR WORK.
I'M SORRY.
I'M--I'M--I'M FLATTERED,
AND, UH, THANK YOU
FOR YOUR OFFER.
UM, BUT I CAN'T.
(keys jangle)
ARTISTS.
MY PLEASURE, FRANK,
AND I'M SERIOUS.
YOU CALL ME ANYTIME.
YEAH, FRANK,
GREAT TALKING TO YOU.
(clears throat)
OHH. THANK GOD YOU GOT HERE.
I WAS 30 SECONDS AWAY
FROM FLASHING HIM A BOOB.
IT WAS NOTHING.
CARLOS HAS DONE A LOT FOR ME
OVER THE YEARS.
IS HE OKAY?
YEAH, YEAH.
HE'S JUST GOT THE FLU.
REALLY?
'CAUSE HE USUALLY
COMES RUNNING
THE SECOND SWEENEY
POPS INTO TOWN,
AND I DON'T THINK
THE FLU WOULD KEEP HIM AWAY.
UM...
MRS. SOLIS...
YOUR HUSBAND HAS BEEN LIKE
A FATHER TO ME.
I REALLY WANNA HELP
IF I CAN.
(sighs) OKAY.
HE'S BEEN GOING THROUGH
A ROUGH TIME,
AND, WELL,
HE'S BEEN DRINKING A LOT.
SO HE'S GONNA BE STAYING HOME
FOR THE NEXT WEEK OR TWO,
TRYING TO PULL HIMSELF
TOGETHER.
THAT POOR GUY.
WELL, DON'T WORRY.
YOU GO HOME
AND YOU TAKE CARE OF HIM.
I'LL TAKE CARE
OF THINGS HERE.
REALLY?
JUST GET HIM BETTER.
WE NEED HIM BACK.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE A GOOD KID.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M TELLING CARLOS
YOU DESERVE A RAISE.
(chuckles)
CAN YOU TELL HIM
WHEN HE'S SOBER?
YEAH. (chuckles) YEAH.
(knock on door)
LYNETTE SCAVO?
YES. WOW.
THESE ARE BEAUTIFUL.
SOMEONE MUST BE
THINKING OF YOU.
HAVE A GOOD ONE.
THANKS.
WHO SENT FLOWERS?
UM...
JUST YOUR AUNT RENEE.
THAT WAS NICE.
RIGHT?
A LITTLE UNEXPECTED,
BUT VERY, VERY NICE. (kisses)
(chuckles)
(woman on TV)
BEAUTIFUL, SUNNY DAY TODAY...
(lock turns, door opens)
OHH!
HEY, HONEY,
HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
(sighs) DAYTIME TV SUCKS.
(turns off TV)
JUST A BUNCH OF WOMEN
SITTING AROUND,
TALKING ABOUT MENOPAUSE
AND THINGS THEY DON'T EAT
ANYMORE.
YOU DID RECORD THAT, RIGHT?
YES.
SO HOW'D IT GO
AT THE OFFICE?
TOOK YOU A LONG TIME
TO SIGN THE PAYROLL.
WELL,
IT WASN'T JUST THAT.
PEOPLE WERE ASKING
WHERE YOU WERE.
SO WHAT'D YOU SAY?
I TOLD THEM YOU HAD THE FLU
AND YOU WERE VERY COMFORTABLE
STAYING HOME
BECAUSE YOU HAD A GREAT STAFF,
WHICH YOU DO, BY THE WAY.
YEAH, WHO'D YOU TALK TO?
BUNCH OF PEOPLE.
UM, STEVE, MARILYN,
GEOFFREY--
GEOFFREY?
(chuckles)RIGHT.
GUY PROBABLY STARTED
DOING CARTWHEELS
AS SOON AS YOU LEFT.
WHAT?
WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT?
HE'S A SNAKE.
WELL, YOU MEAN LIKE A...
A NICE SNAKE.
(tightens bottle cap)
NO,LIKE A BACKSTABBER.
HIS CONTRACT'S UP
AT THE END OF THE MONTH,
AND I'M NOT KEEPING HIM ON,
SO HE'S TRYING TO POACH
MY BIGGEST CLIENTS.
(sighs)
WOW. WHAT A DAY.
I REALLY NEED A DRINK.
HON...
YOU THREW OUT ALL THE BOOZE
WHEN I QUIT, REMEMBER?
OH, PLEASE,
THERE'S A BOTTLE OF CHARDONNAY
IN THE TANK
OF THE GUEST TOILET.
IT'S LIKE YOU DON'T KNOW ME
AT ALL.
(scoffs)
LYNETTE, IT'S ME!
COME ON IN!
(door closes)
♪ TA-DA ♪
OH, MY GOD.
LOOK AT YOUR HAIR!
DO YOU LIKE IT?
IS IT PERMANENT?
NO.
(singsongy) THEN I LOVE IT!
(normal voice)
ESPECIALLY IF IT MEANS
YOU'RE FINALLY READY TO PUT
YOURSELF OUT THERE AGAIN.
NOT SO MUCH OUT THERE AS...
BACK THERE... WITH TOM.
OH, LYNETTE.
STOP IT WITH THAT.
HE'S MOVED ON.
THEN WHY DID HE SEND ME
FLOWERS FOR OUR ANNIVERSARY?
"LOVE ALWAYS, TOM."
WELL, I DON'T GET IT.
ISN'T HE SEEING JANE?
YEAH, BUT... MAYBE WITH
THE ANNIVERSARY COMING UP,
HE STARTED THINKING
ABOUT IT
AND... HE WANTS TO GIVE IT
ANOTHER TRY.
(slaps card)
(sighs)
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
WELL, I GOT PENNY'S KEYS
TO HIS APARTMENT, AND...
OH, I GET IT.
HE GETS HOME.
YOU MEET HIM AT THE DOOR
WEARING NOTHING
BUT WHIPPED CREAM AND A SMILE.
NO. I'M GONNA PUT A BOTTLE
OF SCOTCH ON HIS NIGHTSTAND.
THAT IS
OUR ANNIVERSARY THING.
HE SENDS ME FLOWERS,
I GIVE HIM SCOTCH.
OH,NOWI GET IT.
YOU GET HIM ALL LIQUORED UP,
AND THEN YOU UNDRESS HIM.
NO, RENEE, NO SEX.
OKAY, I DON'T GET IT.
I WAS THINKING MAYBE HE SEES
THE OUTFIT, THE HAIR,
AND HE REALIZES I'VE CHANGED,
AND THEN... MAYBE HE WANTS
TO CHANGE, TOO.
ARE YOU SURE THAT'S
WHAT YOU WANT?
ALL I KNOW IS WE HAVE BEEN
WALKING AWAY FROM EACH OTHER
SINCE THIS THING STARTED,
AND THIS IS THE FIRST TIME
HE'S TAKEN A STEP TOWARD ME.
I THINK I HAVE TO TAKE
A STEP, TOO.
WELL... YOU LOOK...
AMAZING.
(chuckles)
I HOPE IT WORKS.
THANKS. I DO, TOO.
AND IF IT DOESN'T,
I KNOW THIS REALLY HOT THING
YOU CAN DO
WITH A DINNER MINT
AND A FEATHER.
NO SEX.
HOW ARE WE EVEN FRIENDS?
YOU'RE AN IDIOT.
AND THAT'S WHY YOU'RE NOT
GETTING ANY COFFEE.
SUSAN, HANGING YOUR PAINTINGS
IN A GALLERY
IS A MAJOR OPPORTUNITY.
LISTEN TO ME.
I CONSIDER MYSELF A MENTOR
TO YOU.
WHAT? YOU HAVE INSULTED
AND DISCOURAGED ME
SINCE THE DAY WE MET.
WHAT ELSE DOES A MENTOR DO?
(scoffs)
OKAY, FINE, YOU GOT ME.
I DON'T CARE ABOUT YOU.
I CARE ABOUT ME.
YOU CAME OVER
JUST TO TELL ME THAT?
I TEACH TO SUPPORT
MY PAINTING.
IF ONE OF MY STUDENTS
DOES WELL,
MAYBE I CAN TEACH
AT A BETTER COLLEGE,
LIKE ONE THAT DOESN'T
HAVE A MAJOR
IN AIR CONDITIONING REPAIR.
LOOK...
IF YOU TAUGHT ME ANYTHING,
IT'S THAT THE ONLY GALLERY
THAT MATTERS
IS THE ONE IN HERE.
WAS THAT A TUESDAY?
BECAUSE I DRINK AT LUNCH
ON TUESDAYS.
I MADE THOSE PAINTINGS FOR ME,
AND NO MATTER WHAT YOU SAY,
I'M NOT SHARING THEM
WITH ANYONE.
YOU'RE SCARED.
WHAT?
YOU'RE AFRAID
OF BEING JUDGED.
YEP.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M A BIG, OLD SCAREDY CAT,
FEAR OF REJECTION,
NEVER FELT GOOD ENOUGH,
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
HAPPY? BYE-BYE.
(exhales deeply)
(birds chirping)
SO DID YOU GET ME
THE PAINTINGS?
NO, SHE STILL WON'T DO IT.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY.
SOME ARE BORN GREAT.
SOME ACHIEVE GREATNESS,
AND OTHERS HAVE GREATNESS
THRUST UPON THEM.
LOOKS LIKE IT'S TIME
TO START THRUSTING.
IF YOU'RE SPYING ON ME,
YOU'RE NOT VERY GOOD AT IT.
OH, I THOUGHT I WAS PRETTY GOOD
WHEN I FOLLOWED YOU
TO THE GARDENING STORE
ON EUCLID.
AND THAT STOP YOU MADE
FOR FROZEN YOGURT--
OUR LITTLE SECRET.
ISN'T STALKING ILLEGAL?
WE COPS LIKE TO CALL IT
SURVEILLANCE.
STAY.
I'M NOT DONE WITH YOU.
THIS GUY--THE ONE YOU SAY
YOU DON'T REMEMBER SEEING.
YOU THINK YOU MIGHT REMEMBER
SEEING HIS CAR?
HIS CAR?
YEAH.
A SILVER FORD FOCUS,
JUST LIKE THE ONE
YOU AND GABY
WERE DROPPING BACK
TO HER AUNT SHIRLEY
THE DAY I PULLED YOU OVER.
WHAT ARE THE ODDS?
I'M SURE IT'S JUST
A COINCIDENCE.
YOU WANNA HEAR
ANOTHER COINCIDENCE?
THE MISSING GUY'S
FROM OKLAHOMA CITY.
WASN'T GABY'S AUNT A BIG FAN
OF THE OKLAHOMA CITY RedHawks?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
PERSONALITY DEFICIENCY
CAUSES YOU TO ACT THIS WAY,
BUT I FEEL COMPELLED
TO INFORM YOU HOW UTTERLY
UNATTRACTIVE IT MAKES YOU.
FINE.
YOU DON'T WANNA ANSWER
MY QUESTIONS?
MAYBE GABY DOES.
YOU LEAVE GABY OUT OF THIS.
CARLOS HAS BEEN SICK.
SHE HAS HER HANDS FULL.
OH, I'M SO SORRY
TO HEAR THAT.
WELL, I'M PATIENT.
I CAN TALK TO HER LATER.
BREE...
I'VE BEEN A COP
FOR A LONG TIME,
AND I CAN ALWAYS FEEL WHEN
I'M GETTING CLOSE TO THE TRUTH.
YOU WANNA HEAR
A WILD GUESS?
IF IT WOULD ALLOW ME
TO GET ON WITH MY DAY,
I WOULD BE DELIGHTED.
SOMETHING HAPPENED
WITH THIS GUY--
SOMETHING BAD AND PERMANENT.
NOW I DON'T THINK
YOU DID IT,
BUT I THINK YOU KNOW
WHO DID.
IT'S PROBABLY ONE
OF YOUR FRIENDS,
AND YOU, BEING BREE,
ARE PROTECTING THEM.
I DO PROTECT MY FRIENDS,
AND I WOULD DO ANYTHING
FOR THEM--ANYTHING.
THEY'RE THE ONE THING IN MY LIFE
THAT HAVE NEVER FAILED ME,
AND I WILL NEVER FAIL THEM.
AND AGAINST THAT,
YOU ARE POWERLESS.
NOW I AM TIRED
OF YOUR LITTLE GUESSES
AND YOUR GAMES, SO IF YOU WANNA
CHARGE ME WITH SOMETHING,
I SUGGEST YOU TAKE OUT
YOUR CUFFS.
IF NOT, YOU GET THE HELL
OFF MY STREET.
(car door closes,
engine starts)
(tires peal)
YOU SCUM!
OH, NOT YOU, MR. SWEENEY.
GOOD TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
MRS. SOLIS--
WE'RE SORT OF IN THE MIDDLE
OF SOMETHING HERE.
YEAH, I KNOW.
YOU'RE IN THE MIDDLE OF
STEALING MY HUSBAND'S CLIENT
WHILE SITTING AT HIS DESK
IN FRONT OF A PHOTO
OF HIS WIFE AND KIDS.
WAIT A MINUTE.
THAT'S NOT ME.
THAT'S ME AND MY GIRLFRIEND...
IN BELIZE...
WITH OUR DOG.
WHAT KIND OF MAN PUTS HIS PHOTOS
ON ANOTHER MAN'S DESK?!
OR TAKES HIS DOG TO BELIZE?
(frame clatters)
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT KIND OF MAN--
THE KIND THAT SHOWS UP
FOR MEETINGS,
UNLIKE YOUR HUSBAND.
I TOLD YOU,
HE'S GOT THE FLU.
GABY, I THINK MR. SWEENEY
DESERVES TO KNOW THE TRUTH.
FINE. I'LL TELL HIM.
CARLOS IS A DRUNK.
HE ISN'T HERE
BECAUSE HE DRINKS TOO MUCH
AND HE'S UNABLE TO PERFORM
THE RESPONSIBILITIES
THAT COME WITH THE JOB.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
CARLOSWILLGET SOBER,
BUTYOUWILL ALWAYS BE
JUST A...
LOWLIFE SON OF A BITCH.
IS THIS TRUE?
YEAH.
I NEED TO SPEAK TO HIM...
RIGHT NOW.
(sighs)
(lowered voice)
CARLOS, CARLOS, WAKE UP.
WAKE UP!
(moans)
MM, BABE, I WAS JUST
DREAMING ABOUT YOU.
YOU WERE WEARING
THAT LITTLE BLACK NUMBER.
CARLOS!
MR. SWEENEY'S HERE.
(weakly) WHAT?
(Sweeney) HELLO, CARLOS.
MR. SWEENEY.
MR. SWEENEY...
YEAH.
IN OUR HOUSE.
AND I'M IN PAJAMAS,
COVERED IN CHIPS.
(under breath)
HE KNOWS WHAT'S GOING ON.
(whispers) I'M SORRY.
UM... LOOK,
I AM, UH, REALLY SORRY.
I HAD A ROUGH COUPLE DAYS,
BUT I'M FINE NOW.
YOU CAN COUNT ON ME.
YOU SEE THIS?
14 YEARS SOBER.
BUT THERE WAS A TIME
WHEN I WAS STANDING
RIGHT WHERE YOU'RE STANDING.
THE ONLY THING
THAT GOT ME BACK TOGETHER
WAS ADMITTING I HAD A PROBLEM
AND GOING TO REHAB.
NO, UH,
THAT'S NOT WHERE I AM.
I MEAN...
I KNOW IT LOOKS BAD,
BUT TRUST ME, I'M FINE.
HMM, WELL,
YOU CAN TELL YOURSELF THAT.
BUT IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO MAKE A CHOICE.
EITHER THROW AWAY
EVERYTHING YOU'VE WORKED FOR,
INCLUDING YOUR FAMILY,
OR TAKE BACK CONTROL
OF YOUR LIFE.
HONEY,
I THINK YOU SHOULD GO.
I KNOW A GREAT PLACE--
THE PLACE I WENT.
I CAN CALL TOMORROW AND GET
EVERYTHING SET UP FOR YOU.
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY,
SWEETIE.
(door closes)
(sighs)
(bottle clatters)
(door opens and closes)
(Tom laughs) I'M SORRY.
THAT WAITER WAS
TOTALLY FLIRTING WITH YOU.
(Jane laughs) HE WAS NOT.
OH, PLEASE, HE KEPT ASKING YOU
HOW YOUR POTATO WAS.
I MEAN, LOOK, IT'S A POTATO.
HOW MANY WAYS CAN IT GO WRONG?
JARED WAS JUST
BEING ATTENTIVE.
OH, OH, NOW IT'S JARED.
I DIDN'T REALIZE YOU TWO WERE
ON A FIRST-NAME BASIS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I LIKE SEEING YOU JEALOUS.
I'M NOT JEALOUS. HE JUST SPENT
SO MUCH TIME AT OUR TABLE,
HE SHOULD HAVE SPLIT
THE BILL WITH ME.
JEALOUS...
NAH. JARED ONLY GOT
TO BRING YOU A POTATO.
I...
OH!
(chuckles)
GOT TO BRING YOU HOME.
(bed creaks)
OH, STOP! STOP!
STOP, STOP, STOP! I'M HERE!
OH, MY GOD.
LYNETTE! WHAT THE HELL?
OH, MY GOD!
I'M SORRY!
WHAT IS SHE DOING HERE?
YEAH, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
I DIDN'T--I DIDN'T THINK--
I WASN'T--
I THINK SHE'S ON A BENDER.
NO, NO! I JUST...
WHAT? YOU JUST WHAT?
(sighs)
OKAY.
WHY DON'T I GIVE YOU GUYS
SOME PRIVACY?
AS IRONIC AS THAT SOUNDS
RIGHT NOW.
I'LL BE AT CHLOE'S.
(sighs)
PLEASE TELL ME
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME
YOU HAVE DONE THIS.
I JUST WANTED TO BRING YOU
YOUR SCOTCH, YOU KNOW?
FOR OUR ANNIVERSARY.
ANNIVERSARY?
YES. I GOT THE FLOWERS
YOU SENT ME.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT?
YOU... REMEMBER 12 YEARS AGO
WHEN I FORGOT OUR ANNIVERSARY?
I FELT SO AWFUL,
I PLACED A STANDING ORDER
AT THE FLORIST.
I WANTED TO MAKE SURE
YOU GOT FLOWERS EVERY YEAR.
OH, GOD.
I'M SO SORRY.
NO. NO. HONEST MISTAKE.
IT W-WILL NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN.
I AM CANCELING IT
FIRST THING TOMORROW.
OKAY.
I'M GOING TO GO.
(sighs)
LYNETTE?
YOUR HAIR LOOKS NICE.
THANK YOU.
(indistinct conversations)
YOU MADE IT.
OH, FELIX WAS NICE ENOUGH
TO INVITE ME TO THE OPENING.
IT'S THE LEAST I COULD DO.
SUSAN, THAT'S ART.
SORRY.
WOW. THERE'S A LOT
OF PEOPLE HERE.
YEP. AND BEFORE
THE NIGHT'S OVER,
I BELIEVE THEY'LL ALL BE
TALKING ABOUT YOU.
WHAT?
I DID SOMETHING,
AND YOU'RE GONNA
THANK ME FOR IT.
OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD, OH, MY GOD,
YOU'RE WELCOME.
(gasps)
WHAT DID YOU DO?
WELL, YOU SEEMED SO TERRIFIED
ABOUT DISPLAYING YOUR WORK.
I FIGURED I'D RIP OFF
THE BAND-AID FOR YOU.
AND SEE? YOU'RE A HIT.
DON'T FORGET WHO MADE YOU.
(chuckles nervously)
(murmuring)
SWEETIE, CAN I HELP YOU?
NOPE. DON'T MIND ME.
I'M JUST...
ADJUSTING THE...
WOW. THAT IS REALLY
STUCK ON GOOD, HUH?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
ANDRE SUBMITTED THESE
WITHOUT MY CONSENT.
THEY WERE MEANT TO BE PRIVATE.
I REALLY WANT THEM BACK.
OH, JEEZ! HOW MANY SCREWS
HAVE YOU GOT IN THERE?
STOP IT!
THE ONLY WAY THEY'RE COMING DOWN
IS IF SOMEBODY BUYS THEM.
(gasps) FELIX, PLEASE,
PLEASE GIVE THEM BACK.
NO ONE CAN SEE THESE!
(cries)
(murmuring continues)
(lowered voice)
OH, YOU ARE CLEVER.
CREATING A SCENE
LIKE A CRAZY ARTIST.
THERE IS NOT A PERSON
IN THIS ROOM
WHO ISN'T LOOKING
THIS WAY.
YOU'RE A GENIUS.
NO! NO, I'M NOT A GENIUS.
I SWEAR.
I JUST NEED THE PAINTINGS!
KEEP IT UP. KEEP IT UP.
I'M GONNA GRAB THE PHOTOGRAPHER
FROM THE "SENTINEL."
THE CRAZIER, THE BETTER.
OH, HER MIND HAS SNAPPED. OH!
OH! (panting)
(grunts) OH! STUPID ART!
(crying)
(panting)
BREE, IT'S SUSAN. I KNOW
WE'RE NOT TALKING RIGHT NOW,
BUT I REALLY NEED YOU...
AND GABY..
AND YOUR CHECKBOOKS.
SUSAN, THIS ISN'T ART.
IT'S AN ILLUSTRATED CONFESSION!
(lowered voice)
IT'S LIKE A KID'S BOOK.
"MEET DICK AND JANE.
SEE JANE KILL DICK.
SEE JANE BURY DICK.
RUN, JANE, RUN!"
OH, I SWEAR I DIDN'T KNOW.
HE JUST TOOK THEM
OUT OF THE CLASSROOM
AND PUT THEM UP.
WELL, WE HAVE TO GET THEM DOWN
IMMEDIATELY.
HELLO, LADIES.
ARE YOU ENJOYING THE ART?
YES, SO MUCH SO,
THAT WE WOULD LIKE TO BUY
THIS WHOLE SERIES OF PAINTINGS.
AND TAKE THEM HOME
WITH US.
IMMEDIATELY.
UH, ORDINARILY,
I WOULD PLACE
A-A STICKER ON THE WORK
THAT SAYS "SOLD,"
AND THEN I WOULD CONTACT YOU
WHEN THE SHOW'S OVER.
YEAH, WELL, YOU HEARD THE LADY.
WE GOTTA HAVE THESE PAINTINGS,
AND WE GOTTA HAVE 'EM NOW.
SO HOW MUCH?
WELL... OH. WELL, IF YOU'RE
GONNA BUY THE WHOLE SERIES,
I SUPPOSE I CAN TRIM
A LITTLE OFF THE PRICE.
$10,000 SHOULD COVER IT.
$10,000 FOR MY ART?
(gasps)
I MEAN, SEEMS A LITTLE STEEP.
YEAH. SHE PAINTED MY KIDS
A MURAL OF MONKEYS
PLAYING SOCCER
FOR A BOTTLE OF WINE.
FINE. WE'LL TAKE 'EM.
CONGRATULATIONS,
MRS. DELFINO.
YOU ARE OFFICIALLY SOLD OUT,
THANKS TO THIS
LOVELY LESBIAN COUPLE.
OH, WE'RE NOT--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THIS IS NOT THE TIME.
OH, WE'LL START PULLING
THE PIECES DOWN.
I'M SO SORRY.
TOMORROW I'M BACK
TO MONKEYS AND SQUIRRELS.
YOU BOUGHT THESE?
YEP. THEY'RE OURS,
SO STOP LOOKING AT 'EM.
YOU REALLY HAVE
A GOOD EYE.
YES. THEY'RE SO POWERFUL.
IT'S CLEARLY AN ALLEGORY
FOR THE BLUDGEONING
AND BURYING OF THE MIDDLE CLASS
IN THIS COUNTRY.
MM.
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
ALL I SEE IS FOUR WOMEN WHO
KILLED A GUY WITH A CANDLESTICK
AND DUMPED HIS BODY
IN THE WOODS.
BUT THEN AGAIN...
WHAT DO I KNOW ABOUT ART?
CHUCK, YOU FOLLOWED ME HERE?
(lowered voice) WHY WOULD
HE BE FOLLOWING YOU?
(lowered voice)
YEAH, WHAT'S GOING ON?
I'M JUST TRYING
TO GET A LITTLE CULTURE.
SUSAN, YOU PAINTED THESE?
Y-YES.
BRAVO. THEY ARE... AMAZING.
I-I MEAN, THIS ONE,
FOR EXAMPLE,
I MEAN, I'M--I'M GETTING SHIVERS
JUST LOOKING AT IT.
AND... IS IT ME...
OR DO THOSE WOMEN LOOK FAMILIAR?
AND THE SHORT ONE KIND OF LOOKS
LIKE YOU, GABY.
AND, UH, THERE'S YOU, SUSAN,
AND YOUR FRIEND LYNETTE,
AND PRETTY ONE
WITH THE RED HAIR--
WELL... (click teeth)
WHO ELSE BUT BREE?
IT'S A WORK OF ART.
I'M SURE IT'S OPEN
TO INTERPRETATION.
NO, I'M PRETTY CERTAIN IT'S YOU.
WHAT I CAN'T FIGURE OUT IS...
WHO'S THAT?
SUSAN, YOU PAINTED IT.
YOU CAN'T TELL ME WHO THAT
DEAD BODY MIGHT REPRESENT?
BREE?
ANY THEORIES?
MAYBE A CERTAIN...
MISSING PERSON FROM OKLAHOMA?
(lowered voice)
OKAY, WHAT THE HELL
IS HE TALKING ABOUT?
I AM THIS CLOSE
TO PUTTING THIS TOGETHER,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK I'M GONNA TAKE MY TIME,
BECAUSE I WANT TO ENJOY
WATCHING THE ICE PRINCESS MELT.
BREE?
WHAT IS HE TALKING ABOUT?
ALEJANDRO--
SOMEBODY REPORTED HIM MISSING,
AND CHUCK THINKS
WE'RE CONNECTED.
OH, GOD.
IS THAT WHY HE WAS
AT YOUR HOUSE THE OTHER DAY?
YES.
BUT I ASKED YOU ABOUT THAT.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?
'CAUSE YOU'RE GOING THROUGH
SUCH A HARD TIME WITH CARLOS.
I DIDN'T WANNA BURDEN YOU.
GOD, BREE.MORESECRETS?
(scoffs)
WHAT DID YOU THINK
YOU WERE DOING?
I WAS PROTECTING YOU.
I'VE BEEN PROTECTING
ALL OF YOU.
EVER SINCE THAT NIGHT,
I AM THE ONE TRYING
TO KEEP THIS THING TOGETHER!
YEAH, WELL, GREAT JOB.
(sighs)
THERE'S THE WOMAN
OF THE HOUR.
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
I NEVER WANTED PEOPLE
TO SEE THESE PAINTINGS.
I FEEL... MISERABLE.
THEN CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU'RE FINALLY AN ARTIST.
YES, THERE COMES A TIME
WHEN WE MUST EXPOSE
OUR WEAKNESSES...
WHEN OUR SECRETS CAN NO LONGER
REMAIN PRIVATE...
WHEN OUR SOLITUDE
CAN NO LONGER BE DENIED...
WHEN OUR PAIN CAN NO LONGER
BE IGNORED...
BUT SOMETIMES
WE FEEL SO ALONE...
THAT A WEAKNESS
WE THOUGHT WE'D OVERCOME...
SUDDENLY BECOMES TOO STRONG
TO FIGHT.